[Collection] - DeCyfir (partner pack) (#40892)
demisto/content: Packs/DeCYFIR/Integrations/DecyfirEventCollector/README.md

> Collects event logs from DeCYFIR for ingestion into Cortex XSIAM.

Reviewer: Lets update the readme from the hello world pack...

Once configured, the integration periodically fetches event logs from DeCYFIR’s APIs and sends them to **Cortex XSIAM** for ingestion and analysis.

- Events are fetched in real time (starting from the moment the integration is enabled).  

> - Each event type (`Access Logs`, `Assets Logs`, `Digital Risk Keywords Logs`) is fetched separately using its own pagination and limit.  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Each event type (`Access Logs`, `Asset Logs`, `Digital Risk Keywords Logs`) is fetched separately using its own pagination and limit.  
```

- The integration automatically tracks and stores the last fetched timestamp and event IDs to prevent duplication.

## Configure DeCYFIR Event Collector in Cortex

| **Parameter** | **Required** |
| --- | --- |
| Server URL | True |

> | API Key | True |

Reviewer: are there special guides for getting the key?

| Event types to fetch | True |
| Maximum number of Access Logs events per fetch | False |
| Maximum number of Assets Logs events per fetch | False |
| Maximum number of Digital Risk Keywords Logs events per fetch | False |
| Trust any certificate (not secure) | False |
| Use system proxy settings | False |

## Commands

You can execute these commands from the CLI, as part of an automation, or in a playbook.
After you successfully execute a command, a DBot message appears in the War Room with the command details.

### decyfir-get-events

***

> Retrieve Decyfir events manually. This command is primarily used for testing or debugging.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Retrieve Decyfir events manually. This command is used for developing/ debugging and is to be used with caution, as it can create events, leading to events duplication and exceeding the API request limitation.
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Retrieve Decyfir events manually. Use this command only for development or debugging. It should be used with caution, as it may generate events manually and result in duplicate events or exceed API rate limits.
```
